= DESCRIPTION:

Sets up and synchronizes remote Yum repositories.

= PLATFORM:

CentOS, RedHat, Fedora, Scientific Linux. Other platforms are untested.

= ATTRIBUTES: 

All node attributes are set under the `yumrepo` namespace.

* package          - sets the package name, default is yumrepo.
* bindir           - Location of binary files, default is /sysadm/bin.
* basedir          - Location of where to sync repos to, default is /sysadm/yum.repos.
* cron_hour        - At what hour to run the yum-repo-sync.rb cron, default is 1am.
* cron_minute      - At what minute to run the yum-repo-sync.rb cron, default is 30.
* fedora_mirror    - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://mirror.rackspace.com/fedora/
* centos_mirror    - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://mirror.rackspace.com/centos/
* dag_mirror       - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://rh-mirror.linux.iastate.edu/dag/
* atrpms_mirror    - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://dl.atrpms.net/dl.atrpms.net/
* epel_mirror      - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://mirror.rackspace.com/epel/
* livna_mirror     - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://rpm.livna.org/rlo/fedora/
* rpmfusion_mirror - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://download1.rpmfusion.org/rpmfusion/
* ius_mirror       - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://mirror.rackspace.com/ius/
* elff_mirror      - Location of where to sync the repo from, default rsync://download.elff.bravenet.com/elff/

= USAGE:

Simply include the recipe where you want Yum repositories synchronized.

= LICENSE and AUTHOR:

Author:: Stefano Harding (<riddopic@gmail.com>)

Copyright:: 2011, Stefano Harding

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
